Non Local Electron Displacement Theory

Almost a hundred years ago, a Latvian born backyard scientist, Edward Leedskalnin discovered what he described as a lost secret of nature that had been forgotten for millennia. Upon his death, his secret remained a mystery; however, there were clues as to what he had found such as his home, rock gate, and his book, Magnetic Current. As far as I can tell, there have been no other scientists to accurately describe the phenomenon that he calls “magnecity.” In this paper, I will try to explain the phenomena at length and produce a logical explanation as to how the phenomenon works and what we can do with it. 
Electron Flow Through Leedskalnin’s Lens
In Leedskalnin’s model, tiny particles called “magnets” freely flow around the Earth in a large magnetic flux i.e. North Pole and South Pole. These opposing magnetic particles spin and move in opposite directions of one another. Further, in his model, they are constantly at odds with one another and are in every object in space. With this understanding, all objects are magnetic and thus can be manipulated. Just as a permanent magnet can have its poles switched with a larger magnet, all objects in space can have their poles reversed as well. What’s more, these objects can create a magnetic relationship with one another with distance seemingly having no issue at all. That said, if you were to have a heavy rock, you could in theory change its poles so as to be more attracted to the moon than the earth thereby making it weigh “less” (even though the ‘weight’ and mass have not changed at all). Leedskalnin believed that these magnets could be harvested and used for this purpose as well as creating electricity. In his model, these magnets could be captured by electromagnets and crystal radios (electricity catchers). The way that they would do this is by use of a magnetic gyroscope which captures these free flying magnets and focuses them into whatever object he pleased. Evidence of this phenomenon can be found at his physical monument “Coral Castle” near Miami Florida. I hypothesize that indeed Leedskalnin was able to flip the polarity of these gigantic rocks with his magnetic gyroscope; however, I think that his understanding of the phenomena can be better understood and explained with the principle of quantum non-locality. 
 
Leedskalnin’s pole shift via powerful magnet
 
Leedskalnin’s Model of Magnetic Flow and Capture in Ferromagnetic Metals	
 
Leedskalnin Postulation that the Earth was held together by “magnets”
 
Leedskalnin’s Model of Magnetic Flow Around the Earth
 
Leedskalnin’s Postulation of Magnetic Toroidal Flow
 
Leedskalnin Believed that the “magnets” were in a perpetual orbit 

Modern Non Local Phenomena 

In 1997, scientists conducted an experiment in which particles were show to exhibit the principle of “non-locality.” This phenomenon had been known since the time of Einstein as he described it as “spooky action at a distance.” In short, light particles under certain circumstances created a relationship with one another so as to instantly move when another particle was in sync with it at a distance of over 7 miles. Given the distance, it is surmised that no matter the distance, these particles would still have a relationship with one another. We must ask ourselves, if these particles can have a relationship, could the entire cosmos? 
Electron Flow Through a Non Local Lens
Given that particles can have a relationship that is non local, I surmise that electrons have a web of non-local connection that spans the entire cosmos. Further, I also surmise that this phenomenon is what is causing what Plato referred to as “the realm of becoming.” Like a cosmic game of musical chairs, all electrons are moving in a constant spinning waltz whereby they are moving from one place to another from moment to moment as they change from a particle to a wave. With this scenario, these electrons are moving from atom to atom and this action is a fundamental property of our universe. Indeed, all objects would have the potential to capture more of these electrons and thereby become more or less magnetic. Further, I also surmise that we can spin these electrons from atom to atom which thereby accumulates them into the object which thereby makes it change its inherent magnetic properties. Permanent magnets already exhibit this “extra electron” and thus show magnetic properties. Under this model, all objects are magnetic, have the possibility of becoming more magnetic, can exhibit a perpetual relationship with each other, and can have a relationship with other objects at seemingly incomprehensible distances. 

Implications of This Theory

Given the colossal use of oil in the world and the pollution that it causes, this theory may change the doomed course of human history. I surmise that we should look up to the skies for our solution. Like Tesla before me, I wager that the ionosphere is a perfect natural electron accumulator that we can non-locally use to power our world. Since it is natural, abundant, and non-polluting, it is the perfect renewable energy source for our future. It was said that Leedskalnin could power a light bulb with his rudimentary magnetic gyros and crystal radios (energy catchers). I imagine a future where there are much larger gyros powering enormous cities and or other technologies that utilize the power of non local electron displacement such as Tesla Coils. 
Perhaps we could use technology that has already been developed using the principle of non local electron displacement to power these future cities. It has already been proven by Nikola Tesla that it is possible to send energy wirelessly via Tesla Coils. Using the power of resonance, these coils are able to build up an electrical force which can be transferred over large distances if the resonant force is great. In my model, we can focus this power to make a non local connection with the ionosphere. One way to do this would be to use the geometric properties of a pyramid as these structures have been proven to focus electromagnetic phenomenon.  Since all objects have electron flow, it would just be a matter of connecting the resonance and electron flow of the earth with the ionosphere to create a complete circuit of electron flow that we could use for powering our societies. Using the Tesla Coil, we would focus the electron beam inside of a pyramid which would then push a concentrated beam of electrons to the ionosphere that is being fed from the power of the sun. Energy in this model is not being created but instead being harnessed like one would irrigate a field with a river. The battery or source of power in this circuit would be the sun and the wires would simply be non local connections that we would harness for our purposes. 
Also in line with this thinking, we can move large objects with this theory and even propel ourselves at great speeds in new vehicles with it since we could simply create a non-local magnetic relationship with a distant moon or planet to move forward. One such device was developed by a Scottish backyard scientist Sandy Kidd who worked closely with the late Imperial College professor Eric Laithwaite of England. I surmise that this gyroscopic device could be made larger and more perfect with this theory and thereby make rockets and other combustive propelling devices obsolete. I do not believe this theory is at odds with any known forces in our universe and therefore it can be tested and is logically sound. This theory is not saying that there is “free energy” but instead that there is an abundance of energy that can be harvested from the right sources. We are already seeing this today with the so-called Earth engines that are being mass produced at IE Energy. As far as I can tell, the scientist at IE Energy know that they are using electrical energy and permanent rare earth magnets to produce more electric energy than is being put into the device.  I believe my theory accurately explains this phenomenon and allows for us to utilize it more effectively. 
Unfortunately, there are other implications of this theory that are not as rosy as my idea of using it as an energy source. I believe that there are two other related phenomena that go hand in hand with this one. The Dzhanibekov effect is one phenomenon that can be explained with non-local electron displacement. In it, an object with three moments of inertia flips i.e. a tennis racket being flipped in the air to the other side. This phenomenon even happens in microgravity with recent experiments on the tennis racket effect on the International Space Station. With non-local electron displacement, the positive and negative polarities fight each other on a regular basis. Taken further, the tennis racket effect could also be extrapolated to the Earth as it too is physical object. I think that this is one of the reasons that even Albert Einstein was a fan of the “pole shift theory” as he wrote the forward in Charles Hapgood’s book, Earth’s Shifting Crust which discussed pole shift theory in depth. If pole shifting does indeed occur, it would happen on a regular basis and wreak havoc on the Earth. That is, the poles would shift just as the tennis racket and would then make a magnetic relationship with the nearest object – in this case the moon. I believe that this has already taken place numerous times in history and can be accounted for in our historical records i.e. Solon’s Atlantis and Aristotle’s circumstantial evidence of muddy waters from the cataclysm. If indeed pole shifts do occur, the ramifications of this would be epic as there could be eras of human history that have been erased in a very short time. 
I also believe that non local electron displacement can also explain how Nikola Tesla’s so-called earthquake machine worked. To date, there have been no successful reproductions of Tesla’s device – even though they have been 3-D printed. I wager that the material of the device is a crucial aspect of getting it to work and that plastic will not produce the effect. Tesla’s device had a high iron content which then increased the number of spare electrons in the device (as iron is ferromagnetic). Given this, as his device began to oscillate with water pressure, the hydrogen in the water brought in more free electrons than was normal to the iron which then caused it to produce a powerful waves of energy that were pushed into the surrounding materials i.e. the surrounding buildings. Since this is all happening at the atomic level, the power would be of a great magnitude even with a small device. 

Conclusion

While I wager that the electrons are jumping from spot to spot instantaneously, my theory does have noticeable holes. The electrons could simply be moving from place to place as ions or there could indeed be an unknown force at play as Leedskalnin predicted. Regardless, there is some sort of unknown action taking place at the atomic level that we have not accounted for yet. Perhaps the electrons are spinning and we are simply speeding up the spinning. Even more, perhaps the electrons are moving from spot to spot when we free them and break them away from the nucleus of the atom. I do think that the system is stable, however, and that we won’t get any fission from this effect. I also think that this effect is natural, happening on regularly, and accounts for many aspects of reality including: Consciousness, the structure of plants and natural life, the flow of “time,” and perhaps even aging (as the electrons passing through your body must be taxing and thus cause the increasingly imperfect cell splits that lead to eventual death). 
I also find it odd that the Central Intelligence Agency would classify a book on pole shift theory. Even today, Chan Thomas’s book, The Adam and Eve Story is sanitized and partially declassified on their website.  Given this, to me there must be more to this theory. What’s more is that Eric Laithwaite proved that gyroscopes could exhibit antigravity like effects. In his experiments, a 45 pound gyroscope could be lifted by even a small child with one hand above their head with ease.  I think that this alone shows that there is something more at play than simple Newtonian mechanics and indeed we must rethink the nature of reality and the laws that we think inherently exist in the cosmos. This isn’t to say that Newton is wrong, however, it is saying that there is some limiting on the effects of some of our natural world when the right parameters are met. 
There are some simple experiments that can be done to test this theory. One such experiment is to use a neodymium magnet to induce a magnetic field on an object. Since all matter has electron flow, it is possible to induct everything. Caution should be taken if you decide to induct any part of your body as I am unsure if this will result in nerve damage. To induct an object, simply move the magnet in a clockwise motion about an inch from the object until you feel a slight push. Another test is to hold a neodymium magnet away from a cathode ray tube television set in your hand away from the unit and turn it on. As the degaussifier kicks on, the electrons will flow through the television and into the magnet as you will feel a jolt of electricity and vibration. These two experiments should hopefully give a curious mind enough of a push to perhaps give this theory a more serious thought as the two major claims I have made in my paper (all things are magnetic and non local electron transfer). I am also aware that the claims made in this paper may seem farfetched and outlandish; however, I also think that any major leap in scientific thinking would be met with fierce skepticism as completely original thought usually originates from unusual sources. Bearing this in mind, I think that this theory simply warrants more thought and perhaps we can indeed correct our current trajectory of planetary destruction if more minds solve our current problems using this theory as a guiding point.  

Bibliography

al, Mikhail Balezin et. "Electromagnetic properties of the Great Pyramid: First multipole resonances and energy concentration." Journal of Applied Physics, 2018: 124.
Danzik. https://ie.energy/. 2020. https://ie.energy/ (accessed November 8, 2020).
Hapgood, Charles H. Earth's Shifting Crust. 1958.
Royal Insitution Christmas Lectures. Performed by Eric Laithwaite. 1974.
Leedskalnin, Edward. Magnetic Current; Mineral, Vegetable & Animal Life. Mokelumne Hill, California: Mokelumne Press, 1988.
Tesla, Nikola. Reciprocating engine. USA Patent 514,169. February 6, 1894.
Thomas, Chan. cia.gov. 1965. https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP79B00752A000300070001-8.pdf (accessed November 8, 2020).
—. The Adam and Eve Story. Los Angeles : Emerson House, 1965.


















