Non Local Electron Shell Theory
By BazookaJeff
BazookaJeff@protonmail.com
Bitcoin: 12VbTWc4hLSqhAs1LEDBWKdBfaDCC98DMc
Introduction
Permanent magnets have long remained a mystery for modern science. In this paper, I will discuss how permanent magnets work as well as the implications of their nature. I will also briefly touch on the idea of cosmic electron current and give some historical examples of human beings using this theorized network. I will also briefly discuss how we are currently using this network today. 
Non Local Shelled Electron Orbits in Matter
I wager that all matter exhibits some magnetism, that is, every object exhibits a non-local electron flow that has the ability to become more or less ordered and built up when induction happens to it. If this is the case, there ought to be shelled electron orbits that build up in and around the object that becomes larger and ordered with said induction. Given this, the Earth should follow the same pattern just like the cosmos itself would. Like a giant ocean, the electrons would flow and get built up in certain lines like the shelled orbit of a permanent magnet. A permanent magnet works because the electron flow is made greater and more ordered in the object by way of spare electrons in each ferromagnetic (like iron) atom’s shelled orbit. Again, since all matter has electrons in shelled orbits, it is a matter of pushing that spare electron into another atom’s electron orbit to induce order. Since magnetism exhibits a toroidal electron flow, it is possible to induce the spare electron to flow on to another object by spinning electrons from one location to another, hence why gyroscopes exhibit an anti-gravity like effect i.e. the extra electrons brought in temporarily order and build up in the rotating disc. Since the Earth is spinning, it should have a very ordered electron shell. Evidence for this can be found in numerous anomalous magnetic places on planet Earth i.e. the Bermuda Triangle, Dragon’s Triangle, etc. Further, the natural magnetism of the North and South pole indeed indicate that regular order is happening to the Earth. 
Implications of This Theory
If indeed my postulation is correct, non-locally paired particle webs should be able to move using these electron shells as the propulsion. Further, I would also wager that the more electrons in flux, the greater the propulsion speed and distance. If we also take non local particle webs as a thing that exists, it would be possible to use these non-local electron shells to move through space. What’s more is that the electron flow should be possible not only along the earth but the cosmos itself in a vast network of non-local electron build up and flow. If indeed the universe is simply a larger version of our toroidal energy flow of the Earth, no doubt there would be networks of electron build up that are happening now just like a permanent magnet. 
Earth’s Electron Shells in History
I believe that some ancient civilizations were aware of this cosmic network and actually had the ability to jack into it just as the CIA is currently doing today.  Consider ancient sites like Carnac where there are giant megalithic stones oriented in lines that correspond to Pythagorean models. Furthermore, it is well known that many ancient civilizations have had an adept interest in celestial events and happenings. 
I also believe that Antikythera Mechanism is another good example of this theory as the device itself is undoubtedly made to track the position of the planets and the stars. If indeed there is a cosmic ocean of electrons that flow in some places like ocean currents, no doubt we would have figured out that there are perhaps quicker ways to your destination if you could plot the pathway beforehand. 
Most notably, the ancient Egyptians followed a strict doctrine of “celestial alignment” in which they oriented their temples and buildings in accordance with celestial phenomenon.  I wager that this was by no accident and indeed not for religious purposes per se but instead one based on utility as the electron lines would no doubt be made stronger during certain times of the year. 
 
These are just a few examples of how this theory of a cosmic network explains historical sites and artifacts. If we keep this theory as a guiding point, many other sites and artifacts now have more of an explanation than before and a curious mind would no doubt begin to find these connections with some basic research. Some civilizations of keen interest are: Vedas, Mayans, Egyptians, and the Greeks. 
Today, human beings are largely unaware of the cosmic network but I do think that evidence does exist or that at least shows circumstantially that it is there. I wager that the Central Intelligence Agency learned of the cosmic network some time in around the 1970s since Project Star Gate was started at this time. In this project, officers were to learn how to utilize this network for non-local travel. I wager that they indeed were successful as the project lasted for at least another 30 years before it was supposedly terminated. I think that in order to do this, they simply moved away from their body’s magnetic pull. This is easier said than done when you are not in the right geographic location. I believe that in order to non-locally travel, it would be the easiest at certain locations on the Earth and at certain times of the year. One location that I am certain has this property is Las Vegas, Nevada. I believe this is why the US Government chose this location for studying exotic forms of transportation and thus I believe that a motivated individual could find one of these lines to travel through. 
In line with this theory is the notion that one could use these lines as a form of local transportation. In Vedic history, human beings once had the ability to use Vimanas as a form of transportation. I believe that if this was indeed possible, the vessels would more or less be limited to travel along these current lines. Furthermore, I think that the vessels would also utilize the toroidal spin of electrons as propulsion as would be in line with some of the descriptions of Vimanas themselves. 
This paper is a rough draft

