Non Local Algorithmic Particle Web Theory
By BazookaJeff
BazookaJeff@protonmail.com
Bitcoin: 12VbTWc4hLSqhAs1LEDBWKdBfaDCC98DMc

Introduction
Throughout history human beings have wondered whether or not there is a life to be had after death. Perhaps the answer is more complicated than simply stating that once your body dies, you die. In fact, even physical reality is not so simple i.e. quantum particles experience space and time far differently from our Newtonian world. To this end, perhaps there is some death i.e. the death of our Newtonian bodies. However, there may be more to life than we see and understand. Considering how strange sub atomic particles behave, it is only fitting that we don’t have a full understanding of how they affect us (as they most certainly would since they are the building blocks of our bodies). In this paper I will discuss the idea that there is indeed a part of us that is built from non-local particle interaction and how this can explain our existence. 

Non Local Particle Webs
I wager that the mind is probably being produced from non-local particle interaction. In 1997 it was proven that light particles could interact with each other non-locally. Given this, it may be possible for our bodies to house a non-local particle web. Since all objects are magnetic , I postulate that our bodies are producing a magnetic field that is induced by non-local particle displacement and unique non-local particle webs. If indeed both of these postulations are correct, our bodies would operate much like an electromagnet and our consciousness would be drawn to it as the non-local particle web (our minds) would be magnetically bound to our body’s electromagnetic signature – since our bodies would necessarily be reflections of our unique particle web. I think that evidence can be found for this in our thumbprints as no two people have the same thumbprint – even genetically identical twins. It is known that energy precedes form. As Viktor Schauberger shows us figure 1, energy precedes motion in the twisting of a rope. Why would our bodies be any different? In this model, our bodies are merely reactions to this unique energy/particle web and we can see evidence for this in Figure 1. 

Implications of this theory
Since energy can neither be created nor destroyed, I believe that our minds follow in the same fashion. That is, our minds grow through time and are never destroyed. Much like an algorithm that learns to play Super Mario, our minds grow and make connections with every play through (or lifetime). I postulate that our minds continue to grow through each play through and that even though we might not remember all that happened before, it is still stored in our non-local particle web.  

Keeping this in mind, our minds would live on after each death and merely move into a new body that matches our unique signature. Further, through each play through, our minds would grow more and more complex and our forms should in turn increasingly reflect this growing complexity. Interestingly, the Vedic cultures had a similar notion in their ideas of reincarnation. Further, other cultures like the Ancient Greeks also speculated that our minds preceded our bodies with their notion of Alethia or the unforgetting of all of our knowledge obtained before birth as we learn in this life and grow. Perhaps this is why Plato argued that having a good philosophical teacher is of the utmost importance in Protagoras and Meno.  
 
Interestingly, since our particle webs grow more complex with time, I would also wager that they would necessarily grow to inhabit more than our 3 dimensions. As seen with Figure 3, the hexagon is able to grow to become more complex and eventually should be able to take on the shape of a cube. In this thinking, the hexagon should also be able to take on the form of a tesseract or hypercube given enough time and growth. Interestingly, users of N, N-Dimethyltryptamine experience a temporary altered state of consciousness which I wager is the user taking on a temporarily more complex non local particle web. Furthermore, since there are more axis in which to move, the complexities of user’s experiences is remarkable, however, I also imagine since the realm would allow for more complexity, room for growth is probably very limited. 
 
Figure 3 the cube (left) will grow to a tesseract (right) with time

Since our bodies are reflections of our minds, I would wager that although the brain plays a crucial part in our existence, it is not the cause. Further, since it is not the cause, and information can be stored non-locally in our particle webs, I would also make the assumption that we might be able to perceive space time outside of our local bodies. Even though this sounds farcical, it has already been studied for numerous years by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Project Star Gate was a classified intelligence project that aimed at training officers to “perceive, communicate, and perturb characteristics of a designated target, person, or event remote in space and/or time from that individual.”  
Interestingly, the CIA makes note that every individual has this “talent” to some degree and notes that it “probably is a vestigal form of self-preservation.”  I argue that it is our primal form self preservation as it would be the cause of our existence and our unique minds. Perhaps all minds were created after the big bang and from those random quantum entanglements, all of our particle webs grew through time. 
I believe that non local particle displacement theory runs hand in hand with this one as the non-local particle flow is what I believe is powering our minds. If there were no particle flow, we would not experience anything and our minds would cease to be since there would be no energy to sustain our particle web. Taken further, we know that the brain is reactive to magnetic forces as seen with the so-called “God Helmet” which can induce feelings to the user via magnetism.   
Along this thinking, since non local particle webs cannot be destroyed, it would also be possible for us to not only perceive distant places in space and time but also travel there. I imagine a future in which we are able to transmit our nonlocal particle webs to quantum computers which allow for us to inhabit other forms that match our signature. In this way, we would be bound to the technology that is at the destination but we would be able to make the journey. If indeed there is life out in the cosmos, I imagine that this is already possible and being used – it would just be a matter of joining the network. Furthermore, it has already been theorized that wormholes could exist in space that would allow for travelers to not only travel through space but also time. Again, since our particle webs cannot be destroyed, I imagine that these would allow for us to travel vast distances in space. 

Conclusion
Non Local Particle Webs are an elegant and simple solution to the question: what lies after death? Further, it is also harrowing in that if indeed correct, other lifeforms would be able to traverse the cosmos as well. To this effect, it is non unlikely that this is happening and or has already happened. Again, as farcical as all of this may sound, the CIA has already spent numerous years since the 1970s studying this phenomenon as well as the possibility of life outside of Earth. I do hope that this is all possible since it would bring in new era for Humanity which is no longer limited to the scope of our planet. 
Perhaps even more interesting is the fact that numerous cultures in history have seemingly had this ability as well. Whether the Egyptians and their prayers for “safe travel through the stars” or the Mayans and their knowledge of celestial phenomenon like black holes, humanity has seemingly been here before. I hope that my paper helps in this endeavor and that more minds look to it as a guiding point for further research.  

Bibliography
Agency, Central Intelligence. "Project Star Gate." Central Intelligence Agency. August 08, 2000. https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP96-00789R003300210001-2.pdf (accessed November 22, 2020).
Ruttan, L.A., M.A. Persinger, and Koren. S. "Enhancement of Temporal Lobe-Related Experiences During Brief Exposures to MilliGauss Intensity Extremely Low Magnetic Fields." Journal of Bioelectricity , 1990: 33-54.
Schauberger, Viktor. Nature as Teacher: New Principles in the Working of Nature (Ecotechnology). Gill Books, 1999.
SethBling. "MarI/O - Machine Learning for Video Games." YouTube. June 13, 2015. https://youtu.be/qv6UVOQ0F44 (accessed November 23, 2020).






