Pyramidal Resonance Earth Engine
By BazookaJeff
BazookaJeff@protonmail.com
Bitcoin: 12VbTWc4hLSqhAs1LEDBWKdBfaDCC98DMc
Introduction
I wager that the Earth is a giant magnet that has electron flow. This electron flow is a fundamental aspect of our universe. Furthermore, the Earth receives a stream of energy from the sun that is absorbed into the ionosphere into the form of spare electrons. In this paper I will argue that we can create a complete circuit using resonant mechanical energy, piezoelectricity, pyramidal structures, and non-local electron displacement. 
Pyramids as Focusing Lens
It is known that pyramids can focus electromagnetic energy.  Furthermore, it is known that the Earth resonates at a certain frequency. I believe that this is caused by non-local electron flow on a universal scale whereby each electron particle is instantly spinning from spot to spot in the cosmos like the flowing ocean currents or a cosmic waltz.  To this end, I think that the pyramid structure can focus these electrons into usable electricity if the right parameters are met. 
Piezoelectricity From Resonance
It was argued by Nikola Tesla himself that his oscillating engine could resonate to cause earthquakes.  To this date, nobody has duplicated his claims as they have not reconstructed his engine properly yet. That is, replicators have built plastic and electric versions of his engine but they have all failed in producing the earthquake effect. I wager that since those engines did not have the proper materials, they would have never worked. It is known that iron is ferromagnetic because it has an extra electron in its shelled orbit. Given this, I believe that the hydrogen electrons in the water flowed into the iron which brought in extra electrons to its orbit which thereby built up the number of electrons being displaced by the engine. As the energy built up (spare electrons), the resonant force grew and more kinetic energy was let out (in accordance with tesla’s claims of that day) which ultimately led to the Earth shaking. 
In line with this thinking, it is also known that crystals can produce electricity with mechanical energy by way of the piezoelectric effect. Since granite has such a high quartz content, it would be suitable material to produce piezoelectricity if there were enough resonance built up. In my model, we could utilize the shape of the pyramid to construct a granite structure that uses tesla’s oscillating engine to resonate sympathetically with the earth. This would undoubtedly produce some electricity as the microscopic crystals would vibrate but it would also be very inefficient as there would have to be a continuous supply of water or gas into the device to keep it running. 

The Ionosphere as a Battery
The ionosphere is a layer of Earth’s atmosphere that is rich with ions (spare electrons). This field is built up by the Sun’s energy. Since the Sun’s rays are constantly hitting the Earth, and the ionosphere covers the whole Earth, this source of energy is perfect for continuous use on every part of our planet. In my above model, we would use Tesla’s oscillator to induce sympathetic waves into the earth and focus the resulting resonant energy into a piezo electric pyramid which would thereby produce electricity. However, this model is very inefficient and wastes energy flow as it would have to have an energy source like pressurized gas or moving water. To complete the circuit without the need for gas or water, we would need to connect the flow of electrons upward into the ionosphere whereby the flow of electricity would be made complete with the power of the sun. To do this, we would need to non-locally create a relationship with the ionosphere by way of a focused electron beam or perhaps even a tesla coil. When all of these parameters are met, we would have a complete circuit that we could tap into much like our ancestors did to rivers when irrigating their fields and growing crops. 
Conclusion
The above engine is quite simple to understand and if non local electron displacement is possible, would work. I believe that an older machine is already in existence.  The Great Pyramid of Giza and the book Giza Power Plant by Christopher Dunn really helped imagine this machine. In the Egyptian pyramids, the pyramidion was made of gold or Electrum and the electron beam was perhaps focused into the so-called granite sarcophagus before being pushed upward into the pyramidion and ionosphere. Given that Tesla already showed that the wireless transmission of electricity is possible via his tesla coil, I think that we might just be able to use a coil in a more efficient model. 
I also believe it may be possible to build a rather small version of this machine since Tesla said that his oscillator could fit in his coat. That said, non-local electron flow is powerful and a giant machine like that of Giza would probably produce far more energy than one would need. I do not believe that this engine would pollute or have any negative impact on the environment. The patents for all of Tesla’s work are online so this idea can be tested if one was industrious. I do hope that my theories inspire other great minds to test them as I believe that this engine could be what our planet sorely needs as oil and natural gas are an antiquated form of energy that has more negatives than positives.  

Bibliography
Balezin, Mikhail. "Electromagnetic properties of the Great Pyramid: First multipole resonances and energy concentration." Journal of Applied Physics, 2018: 124.
BazookaJeff. "Github." Non Local Electron Displacement Theory. November 23, 2020. https://github.com/BazookaJeff/Non-Local-Electron-Displacement-Theory (accessed November 23, 2020).
Dunn, Christopher. The Giza Power Plant : Technologies of Ancient Egypt. Bear & Company, 1998.
Wearing, Judy. Edison's concrete piano : flying tanks, six-nippled sheep, walk-on-water shoes, and 12 other flops from great inventors. Toronto, Ont: ECW Press, 2009.


