By BazookaJeff
Bitcoin: 12VbTWc4hLSqhAs1LEDBWKdBfaDCC98DMc
Introduction:
In this paper, I will discuss the nature of electron flow in the cosmos. I will also discuss how hydrogen, the most basic element, can be used as a fuel source. I will also discuss the historical roots of this phenomenon.
The pyramids of Giza have stood as an enigma for thousands of years. Offering clues, their nature has remained one of the biggest mysteries in all of human history. Christopher Dunn argues in his book, “Giza Power Plant,” that the pyramids at Giza were used to create high powered microwaves. While I don’t disagree, I think that the nature of their design is not completely explained in his book. Furthermore, I believe that the same phenomenon could be used on a much smaller scale to propel vehicles. 

"The cosmic ray ionizes the air, setting free many charges—ions and electrons. These charges are captured in a condenser which is made to discharge through the circuit of the motor."
- Nikola Tesla, Brooklyn Eagle, July 10, 1932

Dunn’s Theory:
The pyramids according to Dunn use a scheme of creating hydrogen by way of hydrochloric acid and hydrated zinc (traces of which have been found in the queen’s and king’s chambers). This hydrogen is then excited by way of M.A.S.E.R. technology. While this is a good hypothesis and true, I think that there is another phenomenon at play. Namely, the hydrogen that is created is where the true power is and that the ancient Egyptians were able to utilize the power of resonance to build up this energy. 
My Addition to Dunn’s Theory:
I believe that all electrons are moving moment to moment in a cosmic waltz. Given all electrons are moving, it would be safe to say that one could capture some of these electrons for use. To do so, one would need to create hydrogen and then use resonance and a capacitor to capture these spare electrons. To my knowledge, this is a novel phenomenon that is yet to be accounted for in natural science. There have been some inventions and writings that touch on it (i.e. Edward Leedskalnin, Eric Laithewaite, Stanley Myer, Nikola Tesla) but none have adequately explained the phenomenon in such a way as to allow for the construction of motors and other technologies. My assertions are simple:
1.	All matter has electron flow no matter the distance
2.	All matter can hold more electrons 
3.	All matter’s electron flow is toroidal
4.	All electrons spin indefinitely
5.	All electrons can be captured and utilized in a controlled flow rather than natural toroidal flow
Given these parameters, we ought to see evidence for this in nature – and we do. All matter is indeed holding this electron flow and any test with a strong neodymium magnet will show that any object can be inducted if you match the toroidal flow. 
Conclusion:
I believe that something like Staley Myer’s water car is indeed possible if this phenomenon proves true. Furthermore, I do not believe it violates any laws of thermodynamics as the Earth and Sun would be part of the circuit design. Given that, the Sun would be the ultimate driver of the engine and this “free” energy would not really be free – just abundant. 
