How to Make Matter Weightless
By: BazookaJeff
Gyroscopes have been around for quite a while. For many, they are merely toys meant to entertain as they seemingly bend the laws of physics to become weightless. While Newtonian laws are undoubtedly correct, I postulate that they should not always be applied to all matter. That is, when we spin electrons, and bring in more, matter ceases to follow these laws. The late Professor Eric Laithwaite of Imperial College proved this phenomenon with his famous gyroscope experiment in which he turns a 45 pound weight as light as a feather. In this paper, I will discuss the phenomenon and give possible ways to exploit it for use. 
Introduction
In my previous paper, Non Local Electron Displacement Theory, I describe a phenomenon in which all matter has electron flow that is toroidal. Since all matter has this flow, all matter must be (or at least potentially be) magnetic. A simple induction experiment with a neodymium magnet will prove this true – simply move the magnet in clockwise circles above the matter until you feel a push. Since all matter can exhibit magnetism and become inducted, I wager the gyroscopic weightless phenomenon can be translated to a non disc shaped object. That is, once matter is inducted, it becomes possible to flip its polarity.
Using the Moon as a way to Make Matter Weigh Less
The tide is simply the moon pulling on the ocean. Since all matter can be made more magnetic, and particles can have relationships that span unfathomable distances, one could make a connection to the moon to make matter weigh less. To do so, one would have to induct the matter and add more electrons, or with hydrogen or even with a powerful radio wave, then flip the polarity to make a relationship with the moon. When this is done, the matter should operate much like the gyroscope and weigh less even though it has lost no mass.
Conclusion
This phenomenon can save a lot of resources in the transportation of goods. Since an EV vehicle can travel perhaps 500 miles, it could enable them to travel 10x the distance at night or 5000 miles on the same charge. This should drastically reduce the costs of fuel as well as reduce pollution. It  is my hope that bright minds test my work as they have merit. 
